# Awesome Claude Code - DON'T READ THIS

This is my little page where I get to spout off. If you don't like it, well - I told you not to read it.

I was lucky enough to be in the research preview for this "Claude Code" thing. As a software engineer, the experience of describing what I wanted to see in my codebase and then have it show up, bug-free, a few seconds later, was - well I guess it was like a being a project manager (oh, come on, folks, I'm just having fun) - it was pretty astounding and without being dramatic it permanently changed my career trajectory. I knew about "awesome lists", and being an early adopter, I saw it as a cool way to connect with other people who were experimenting with this ground-breaking technology.

I started by combing through every resource I could find about Claude Code (mostly on GitHub), and eventually people started to submit their own projects voluntarily, which was really cool. And at the time, what did we have available? Slash commands, `CLAUDE.md`, later on some hooks - basically markdown files that I could set up on my computer within a few minutes and see if it made my life any better when using this application. And there were some really amazing things people were coming up with (which remains true to this day).

Now, after what is really a short period of time, even though it feels like ages, the whole agentic coding ecosystem has changed - a lot of people have turned their attention towards general-purpose, highly advanced but complex frameworks that are sometimes only loosely coupled with Claude Code. And, as this repository gained more popularity, I gained contact with more and more people, some of whom were building outstanding things with Claude Code, while others saw just an opportunity to capitalize on a commercially succesful and rapidly-growing platform. These types of people wasted lots of my time and attention, at the expense of others who were really just trying to solve technical problems and give them away to the developer community. So, the list shifted from a nexus where inventive and curious folks would submit projects that filled much-needed gaps in the Claude Code experience, to a mixture between problem-solvers and self-promoters - and, of course, many of us fall somewhere in between, after all I can't pay my rent with GitHub stars.

Anyway, there's no _point_ I'm trying to make here, but I hope this gives some context to those of you who are just starting to use this awesome application, as well as those who have been visiting this repo for a while, and know how I operate. I have no relation to Anthropic (except for a few job applications that went un-responded-to), nor any debt to pay to Claude Code. The people whose projects are featured on this list have built Claude Code just as much as the people on Anthropic's payroll. So, without their blessing, on behalf of Anthropic I'd like to thank the Claude Code developer community. And my only message would be to Anthropic itself - if you think you can maintain dominance in this arena without the support and devotion of a highly loyal and passionate userbase and army of open-source developers... You're Absolutely Wrong.
