- 2025-08-16  

(i) So much happening with Claude Code these days, it is genuinely hard to keep up! Since my last post, let's see... Opus 4.1; status lines; output styles; more sub agents; (plugins??); background shells; lions; tigers... wait sorry that's something else. Anyway, I'm glad to announce that besides some annoying bot messages and small glitches, the new resource submission workflow seems to be working really solidly. It's so much easier for everyone, so if you'd like to contribute to this community resource, make sure you are up to date on [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](../CONTRIBUTING.md) - I will no longer be accepting _resource submission_ PRs (there may be other cases where a PR is appropriate), but you can now submit something to the list without even cloning the repo or knowing how to spell "git". Just head over to the new resource submission [Issue Template](https://github.com/hesreallyhim/awesome-claude-code/issues/new?template=submit-resource.yml) and you'll be done in no time. If you have a PR open, please try to open it as an issue instead, although I will of course get through existing PR's before switching over entirely.

(ii) I started a new section for Status Lines, and will soon open up another one for Output Styles hopefully. *WE WANT TO SEE YOUR STATUS LINES!* Definitely will be prioritizing those items in the short term. I've sadly been neglecting the awesome-claude-code-agents repo due to Claude Code's impressively rapid release cycle, but I haven't forgotten about it, rest assured.

(iii) Still hoping to organize some friendly competition as soon as time allows.

(iv) Considering imposing some more constraints on submissions, in particular I may decide to have your repo (if it is a repo) evaluted by a State-of-the-art language model, primarily for security, and not for awesomeness, as it's getting hard to keep up with all the great stuff coming in while still doing due dilligence to make sure that this is not a home for malware or otherwise insecure resources.

(v) Check out some of the latest entries below, and start shipping your status lines! Even small entires are totally welcome, it doesn't have to be a Picasso - if it fits on a single line, that makes it even easier to compose it with another awesome resource.
